[Document(metadata={'URL': 'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-engineering-bootcamp-part-time/', 'Title': 'Data Engineering Bootcamp 
- WeCloudData', 'Header': 'FAQ', 'Section_number': 57, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical 
headers path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp -> H2: FAQ '}, page_content='data lakehouse engineering. These courses can be taken as individual 
short courses. You get a much better deal by taking the Bootcamp which includes not only all 3 courses but also the career service. How much 
machine learning is involved? Data engineers don’t need to have extensive knowledge of machine learning. However, data engineers work closely 
with data scientists and analysts. Understanding the high-level DS/ML workflow will be very useful. WeCloudData provides Open Courses that 
allow data engineers to learn more about data science and machine learning. What are the lab activities? Is attendance mandatory? We encourage 
students to attend all lab sessions, but it is not mandatory. Students will finish a mini project during the labs by following the live 
instructions provided by teaching assistants. Students can watch the lab recordings if they missed it. How many projects are offered and what 
are those? Students will complete three big end-to-end projects during the bootcamp. The three capstone'), Document(metadata={'URL': 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/us-online/big-data-for-data-scientist/', 'Title': 'Big Data for Data Scientists - WeCloudData', 'Header': 
'FAQ', 'Section_number': 27, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical headers path; H1: Big Data for 
Data Scientists -> H2: FAQ '}, page_content="to come up with your original ideas, create the services in AWS, load big data into the data 
lake, build a machine learning pipeline using Spark ML to solve a ML big data challenge. At the end of the project, you will be presenting 
your work to experienced instructors and the entire class to get feedback. What's the difference between this course and the Big Data Engineer 
course in the data engineering program? While both are big data related courses, this course is for data scientists who want to scale data 
science and machine learning solutions. It is not a course for data engineers who don’t work with machine learning. Will I get project 
mentoring and help during this course? Yes. We have labs on a weekly basis and students work with lab instructors and project mentors when 
they work on the capstone projects. Do I need a top-spec computer in order to take this course? No, most of the “big data” processing in this 
course is done in the cloud. From day one students learn how to work with AWS and as long as"), Document(metadata={'URL': 
'https://weclouddata.com/course-package/data-engineering-bootcamp-ca/', 'Title': 'Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData', 'Header': ' 
Tuition Fee ', 'Section_number': 39, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical headers of the tuition 
path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData -> H5: Tuition Fee'}, page_content='URL :: 
https://weclouddata.com/course-package/data-engineering-bootcamp-ca/ >> Section 39 :: This content belongs to the following hierarchical 
headers of the tuition path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData -> H5: Tuition Fee >> Tuition Fee  >>>'), Document(metadata={'URL': 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/us-online/mlops-engineering/', 'Title': 'MLOps Engineering - WeCloudData', 'Header': 'FAQ', 'Section_number': 
25, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical headers path; H1: MLOps Engineering -> H2: FAQ '}, 
page_content='self-paced ML courses or other data science bootcamps as well. Typically learners come from 1. Data scientist who want to 
harness the MLE and MLOps skills. 2. Software engineers who have machine learning knowledge 3. DevOps engineers who are interested in 
operating ML systems 4. New graduates from computer science or computer engineering who have taken ML courses in school or who can complete 
the pre-course materials on their own 5. Career switchers who take this course as part of the ML Engineering Bootcamp. 6. Non-tech background 
learners who have completed WeCloudData’s AI short courses as a pre-requisites. 7. PhD graduates who want to fast track their job search and 
meet the technical pre-requisites WeCloudData is the leading data science and AI academy. Our blended learning courses have helped thousands 
of learners and many enterprises make successful leaps in their data journeys.'), Document(metadata={'URL': 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/business-intelligence-bootcamp/', 'Title': 'Business Intelligence Bootcamp - WeCloudData', 'Header': 
'Learn from the best instructors & TA', 'Section_number': 19, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical 
headers path; H1: Business Intelligence Bootcamp -> H2: LEARNING EXPERIENCE -> H4: Learn from the best instructors & TA '}, page_content='URL 
:: https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/business-intelligence-bootcamp/ >> Section 19 :: This content belongs to the following hierarchical 
headers path; H1: Business Intelligence Bootcamp -> H2: LEARNING EXPERIENCE -> H4: Learn from the best instructors & TA  >> Learn from the 
best instructors & TA >>>  Learn from the best instructors & TA We’ve brought together a team of highly skilled and experienced instructors to 
help you learn effectively. Our instructors have a passion for teaching and a wealth of real-world experiences in their respective fields, so 
you can be confident that you’re learning from the best. Elvis Liang Business System Analyst, The Stars Group Elvis has Bachelor’s and 
Master’s degrees in Chemical Engineering. After in-depth exploration on career path of chemical engineering, Elvis found his passion in 
business and data analysis, and successfully switched his career to an online gaming industry working as a Business System Analyst at 
PokerStars (a brand of Flutter International). He'), Document(metadata={'URL': 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-science-bootcamp/', 'Title': 'Data Science Bootcamp - WeCloudData', 'Header': 'Learn from the 
best instructors & TA', 'Section_number': 19, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical headers path; 
H1: Data Science Bootcamp -> H2: LEARNING EXPERIENCE -> H4: Learn from the best instructors & TA '}, page_content='URL :: 
https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-science-bootcamp/ >> Section 19 :: This content belongs to the following hierarchical headers 
path; H1: Data Science Bootcamp -> H2: LEARNING EXPERIENCE -> H4: Learn from the best instructors & TA  >> Learn from the best instructors & 
TA >>>  Learn from the best instructors & TA We’ve brought together a team of highly skilled and experienced instructors to help you learn 
effectively. Our instructors have a passion for teaching and a wealth of real-world experiences in their respective fields, so you can be 
confident that you’re learning from the best. Adam Xing Data Science Program Manager @ WeCloudData Adam Xing is the Data Science Program 
Manager at WeCloudData. Adam graduated with a bachelor’s degree in economics. He has lots of experience working with high-tech, retail, 
e-commerce, government, and startups. Adam has a strong passion for data science and engineering, and loves helping people become better 
learners, guiding them to solve challenging'), Document(metadata={'URL': 
'https://weclouddata.com/course-package/data-engineering-bootcamp-us/', 'Title': 'Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData', 'Header': ' 
Tuition Fee ', 'Section_number': 41, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to the following hierarchical headers of the tuition 
path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData -> H5: Tuition Fee'}, page_content='URL :: 
https://weclouddata.com/course-package/data-engineering-bootcamp-us/ >> Section 41 :: This content belongs to the following hierarchical 
headers of the tuition path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData -> H5: Tuition Fee >> Tuition Fee  >>>  7000  USD   ,  8000  USD   ,  
12000  USD'), Document(metadata={'URL': 'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-engineering-bootcamp-part-time/', 'Title': 'Data 
Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData', 'Header': ' Tuition Fee ', 'Section_number': 67, 'hierarchical_headers_path': 'This content belongs to 
the following hierarchical headers of the tuition path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData -> H5: Tuition Fee'}, page_content='URL :: 
https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-engineering-bootcamp-part-time/ >> Section 67 :: This content belongs to the following 
hierarchical headers of the tuition path; H1: Data Engineering Bootcamp - WeCloudData -> H5: Tuition Fee >> Tuition Fee  >>>')]
-------------------------------------->>>
source_URLs = 
 ['https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-engineering-bootcamp-part-time/', 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/us-online/big-data-for-data-scientist/', 
'https://weclouddata.com/course-package/data-engineering-bootcamp-ca/', 'https://weclouddata.com/courses/us-online/mlops-engineering/', 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/business-intelligence-bootcamp/', 'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-science-bootcamp/', 
'https://weclouddata.com/course-package/data-engineering-bootcamp-us/', 
'https://weclouddata.com/courses/online/data-engineering-bootcamp-part-time/']
-------------------------------------->>>
